Good afternoon, good afternoon, Emilio, how
are you? Well, well, we're
here. Can you hear me
softly? No. Or is it me?
Now, I have the live broadcast on the
other side. Okay, can you hear it well,
family? Emilio,
yes, no, yes, yes. I turned it up now and now I can
hear you well. I had it low
too. Let's see, Emilio,
what do you think about this? We missed you yesterday.
What do I think? There's your
WhatsApp. I sent you the
file for your homework. No, yes. Let's see. We have it
here. I don't know if I can expand it. Yes, we have
the invoices here. No. I mean, we would have
one, okay. We would have
one here for 200,000. We would have
another one,
Mohedano, the one for Plan and Chayo's.
The one for Planning, which is Chayo's. Okay,
perfect. I would have the one for the hairdresser's
and the one for 48,000 euros, which would be
Amador's. No, no, no.
That's from that one, that's from Rocío Jurado too.
It's true. That's another end-of-
year invoice from the end-of-
year special. New Year's special, is it true?
Yes, yes. Now, now we'll all see it.  because I
have searched up to the companies
that are Okay then the one that has not been
presented is the one on Amador's side
No
that seems good let's see I'll tell you one
thing I don't know if it would be better if this
invoice were in a montage that they are
real Well if they are real they are a
disgrace
Yes if a public entity if a public entity
has paid these invoices let's
see
tell me what you think
the invoices I have I
started in 92
doing works with a construction company okay I
invoiced for for the Ministry of Public
Works we have roads the Ministry of
Public Development
the invoices all my life All my life they go
as the Treasury has said and they go well
with the data that we are now going to download If you
go down further you will see the minimum
legal data that an invoice has
in the next next ok Yes then
since 90 and we go and make invoices and they
had to be all legal to be able to
enter a public administration
since 97 I am a civil servant in the
public administration the communication and I
receive invoices and since 97 all the
invoices have had to come
as it says here exactly okay What is it
with the names and the  surnames and
company name and fiscal address init of the
issuer the invoice shower logical
when we talk about data
these are the minimum data for an
invoice to be elevated fiscal address
nif the name surname or the name of the
company ok invoice date of
the receiver also ok
invoice date that does not have to
correspond with the payment date no no there are
times when they are paid at 180 days and at
210 they have arrived to pay or it has been paid
before which can also be
at the beginning you do not have to for a
public administration you have to issue
the invoice first and it has to
approve the switch eh the invoice is
approved before and then they are paid, for
example when Google pays me it
sends me the invoice it has already paid me
yes for the invoice it will come with a date
prior to payment Ah well of course it may
be that it has a couple of days before okay
electronic invoices change a
bit now okay
But well for VAT settlements
and VAT advances we always invoice it
therefore well let's see The important thing
is that everything is registered I don't understand
okay the platform for
public administrations they
get into the platform easy that the
Ministry where most are
associated Okay so now
the invoices change a little Now when they are a
little different but until three or
four years ago they are as I tell you okay
always okay
look you have to put the name and surname
the social relationship and the fiscal address
and the NIF of the logical receiver there
is only one or there is a small one they
are not mandatory with the
reduced invoices of less than 400 euros that since
2003 what does
this mean that if they pay you
less than 400 euros it
is no longer mandatory to put the
receiver's data it
is not the case and also that is from
2003 that before is not
worth it okay then the concept the
taxable base the personal income tax the VAT the normal thing is that is how
the invoices Spanish television is
a public entity eh
And it has an auditor if they have paid
these invoices This is how you are going to teach here I do
n't know who is waiting to
investigate this eh I tell you the truth It's that I
don't understand the invoice very well
Because look because they are very tacky they are
different
I have tried them I have tried to
interpret them it is difficult If you go down
below the following You will find
what I interpreted  of these invoices
and who charges them okay I'm
putting them on the screen again so
people can see it and see there are two
that are the same in format it's not that they are the
same either This is from central control
music and art
but look at the first one we are going to
try to explain them with what she has
said interpret it because for me it is so
difficult to interpret Look at the first one
If you go down to the next one to the next PDF
Yes they
are in green I have them described to
everyone and the press that charges them There we are
look at that invoice look what we have
seen from control and central music and
art it is the one that
Rocío Carrasco passes to Spanish television
okay it is the one for which they charge
the 200,000 euros plus the 32,000 okay that
central control of music and art What
is it Well
here I have written it to you in
Look at this invoice let's start
the issuer is central control music and
art performs Although it says the title at the
top it could be any
Spanish television it does not appear anywhere I do not know
where where it will be if it will be higher up
lower down nothing and it says the
invoice number and the date
and it says that it is from the tribute to Rocío
Jury okay Yes okay, well it doesn't say when it
is paid or the payment method if it is by
bank transfer if it is a portal they don't
put Anything, well nothing is worth it, well nothing has been
issued to be issued
but of course it has been with these
invoices but it is noticeable eh after note
the possibility that the piece
above is missing is what I was saying yesterday that
a piece above and a piece below are missing okay
we accept octopus okay
let's see this company if you see it here I have
described it to you that it is central
musical art control this company was created
in 2004 with a very
small share capital of 30,006 euros okay
social training is in third place of 3100 and then they go
up From 3100 to 60,000 I have
seen this then at the very end
below you have all the data of the
companies that here do not remove it if you do not
want but if you want to see it later
Investigate who they belong to okay These are
public data
okay this company is dedicated to advertising
marketing and conception of the following
activities
film promotions Extraterrestrial musical This
is a company that Fidel and Rocío would create
me  I imagine in order to certify this if
they say that this is the one they have
certified this company I imagine it
will be theirs Okay so what I put
below is the same no let's see this to know
if it has been passed or not what they had to
show is the proof of payment
the deposit from the bank account where
they would show a screenshot of the deposit from the
bank account it would be worth it for them of course
Emilio is that These are not bills
from Spanish television And who do
these belong to? These are
Claro bills but it is for him to pay
Spanish television
or not
and who are they for who is going to pay
this if it is an invoice issued by
central control and art is it for
Spanish television to
charge so that Spanish television pays him what is what they
said yesterday this was the one that was taught
that said it is the payment from Spanish television
yes but let's see let's see if let's see if you
understand me Spanish television pays
everything to the SL and now the SL pays the
workers we do
not have those what I have paid
are the workers we do not
know that has not been shown these cannot be
the invoices from the SL to the
self-employed
but let's  see if she says that she charged
that the cache from Rocío Carrasco Rocío
Jurado Sorry it was 250,000 euros that
they were paid 200,000 and 50,000
and showed this paper
So she is saying that this is
the invoice with which she charged the 1000
euros
okay Yes
yes okay the one
that goes from
Spanish television to them
not to see transmitter central control music and
art is the one that issues invoices it
must be a company that
Rocío and federal created in 2004 because it is the one that
pays some and
charges others this must be theirs Of course
but what what what I think it
could be okay that this invoice is not
from central control music for
Spanish television but rather for
Rocío Jurado
okay okay But where does it say the station
where Then this is the part
but here it says central control music
So like like the like the one
that issues it Okay and Rocío Jurado the
unknown client could be one thing or
another anyway rat is from the
I'm trying in two ways to find an explanation,
to see Spanish television, it's not the
invoice, that's clear, a Spanish television is
not going to make this invoice, no way, no,
or it could be that it was issued with a
music center so that
Spanish television pays it, it could also be that.
That's the one I
think was said yesterday, but finally
Spanish television has paid with this
invoice. What do you want me to tell you?
Yes, it has paid it, an auditor has passed it over.
I'm hallucinating,
having here the number and
the date, it does
n't look like it's going to be cut
from the top or the bottom. Of course, it
cuts below because of the signature, but
at the top, let's see, normally at the top of
the header
you can put the data of both, not the
receiver and the sender, and normally there's
one on the left, the other on the right. Well, the
receiver, the sender puts their data from my IFE
and everything, and then at the bottom they put the concept. The one that
almost has it the best, the most legal. It's
almost the one you have from Amador,
the one that seems most legal, it's missing the
signature, it's missing many things. If they would
show it in full. Maybe an explanation,
but this is an invoice or that they have
passed previous ones or that
Spanish television or that they have paid another
company, Rocío Jurado or  to whoever it may be
but well you
see listen to this invoice it can't be
that they pay because this invoice
yes the invoice that they make that
corresponds to the performance of the
sworn uncles the audiovisual work
tribute to Rocío Jurado So this
is the one they had to issue
central control Spanish television it can't
be any other way with that concept
okay or so but this is the one that they
issue to Spanish television so that
Spanish television pays them And then
Spanish television would have to give them
another official invoice from them no no
Spanish no Spanish television with that
invoice they accept it okay the auditor
accepts it and makes the payment to wherever it is
bank account check or the form of payment
that doesn't say so okay okay okay okay okay
okay
the invoice Spanish television passes it on to
intervention or to whoever corresponds to the
control to the management center of
Spanish television the public fact they are the ones who
pay they don't have to make an
invoice of course
So this invoice is what I'm telling you it
's very strange and this invoice of
course they send me this invoice I don't
pay it it's
missing it's missing here let's see see see
Spanish television would pay then
a valid invoice had to have been if it is
this one it's missing things above and by
below
or this was an initial budget that they
presented to them
number of invoices that cannot be a
budget and when they send me a
budget the invoice number is not included, they
send me a budget
that I request
the invoice when they have already done the
work and also invoice number 2 So
this is a company created for
this, you know,
look, since November 21, 2005
and invoice number 2, company 64
with a very small share capital of 3,000,
which was an objective to invoice.
It had an invoice before this one, then
well below is the 3rd, ah no because the 3rd
is not theirs, the 3rd is not from Central
Música but it has the same
typography and everything the same, but it is not
theirs, it is from another company. You will see, we will go
one by one because I have them
all there, okay, where we have different
invoices, okay, okay,
the next one, nothing, Amador, okay, a little
in chronological order, which is from
November 30th, okay, and it is an
email, okay, it is an image of an
invoice by email, okay,
This is the one that could be the  more
legal invoice because at least this one has
the name of the company planes
musicalese sl torrejóndas 2 which must be
Amador modano's, I haven't found any, I haven't
found any company currently
with that,
with that name, okay, because it would have been
registered as promotion of
musical shows sl. Well, he calls it
here musical planning sl. Maybe the
status of the other one. This one does have
the issuing center, which is planning, it is
passed to the central control of music and art,
all without a tax address, one and the other.
Yes, totally, this one without an invoice number is
okay if it has the stamp with the CIF of
planning and Amador's signature
and 3,480, if it says that it can be done
by transfer or by
bank check. Let's see if you understand it the same
as me.
If he's doing it, let's
assume that planning in Torreón dar 2.
Yes, that's where Rosa Benito lives, she was
my neighbor. Okay, so let's assume
that this is Amador's company.
Yes, this is the company.
What happens is that it would be
registered as promotion of
shows sl. Maybe it's not,
maybe it was registered like that at the
time and now  has he lost it or did
we remove it, you know, I haven't found it,
okay, but this invoice is the one that
musical planning issues to
central music control so that they pay
Rosario's share so that they pay
Rosario the 3,000 euros, yes, therefore
we are talking about central
music control, that is, Fidel and Rocío's sl, they
all charge and they share, that seems
more understood, right? Yes, yes, that seems true, of
course, in other words, the ones who charge for all
the work, the entire company is Fidel
and Rocío Carrasco's central
music and art control, and now Amador issues
an invoice to them so that they pay him,
yes, so that they pay Chayo, in principle, he
only took out Chayo's, his
for the 50,000 euros. It seems that Rocío
says that Rocío Jurado's fees
were 250,000 and that and what she does
is that they charge 200 and that he will
send her another invoice to
Spanish television for the 50, that doesn't work like that,
I think, eh, I think not either, I think
that the representatives don't do it like that,
but  that the representatives
the artist collects everything and then the
representative is the one who pays him
exactly It is logical let's go I think it is like this
because here Rocío what she says is that
she charges on one side the 200,000
caller charges on the other side the 50,000
anyway Emilio there
are things that do not add up because
why is Central Music and Art Control going to broadcast
a bill of 200,000 to
Spanish television if they would have to
charge the entire budget
is not there Only the fees
According to what she says about
Rocío Jurado's fees because it seems that
Spanish television
what I understood of Yes is in charge of the entire
tribute they put together the tribute And
this is the only thing they do is put
Rocío Jurado And then they charge
Rocío Jurado's fees the rest it
seems that the amounts of Spanish television
if not there is no other explanation Yes but
they would have the entire event but of course
but it is that through their
hands Central Music and Art Control
also pass Rosa's money
Rosario's money and the money of the others yes it
is all nonsense or  well they
would have to have another invoice like
this Of course
they would act for Rosario and for Amador
programmer itself for Rosario and for Rosa
Benito
okay unless
this is an invoice that they make to
Rocío Jurado to pay her it does
n't seem
Spanish I don't think she would admit this man
I don't think so either well because the fact that it was
issued by central control to Rocío
Jurado of course central control to Rocío Jurado like
take this is what we
pay you no
that yes but that's not what she said
when she showed this paper yesterday what you
said that this is what they had charged
for Rocío Jurado That the other 50,000 was
charged
makes more sense what I'm saying yes it
makes more sense what you say
effectively by the title than
above but Either she has made a
mistake Or she doesn't know what they have charged
or I don't know
what I'm saying Emilio is that the 500, the
500,000 will be charged by
central control music The 500,000 and
now of those 500,000 they
gave him the company that had to
pay
200,000 to Rocío 50,000 Amador I
think they are putting her down for
3,000 euros
and it could be that way she didn't tell
this like that yesterday But it could be
as you say okay Anyway it would
n't fit you Yes it could be
that she already charged but that's not what they
said yesterday is she wrong or doesn't
understand I don't know
okay it could be that it's as if
they charged for the entire event they did the
entire event and then they
will take care of paying It's that they have
n't taken out those accounts which are the accounts
that they have to take and see what profit
was left and that's not because maybe
they kept a profit that they keep quiet about well listen to
me listen to me Look it makes
even more sense because now
something else comes to mind Emilio
these invoices
belong they are not documents that
belong to Rocío Jurado yes they are
central control invoices music and
art they are invoices that belong to
Rosito and Fidel that's why of course Yes yes they
can find it of
course They have that invoice and But
they  They should have the entry
They should have the entry of the
income in the name of Rocío Jurado in the
bank they do not have to have that and they
can prove it, they do not remove it okay but they
can prove it just like this one of
Chayo there it says a paid with a with a
paid date stamp that Tomorrow I will put you
hundred
the payment here no there is no
bank entry nor sometimes that the banks to
prove that they were paid they put
a stamp of paid with the stamp of the
bank
well it has been the bank and the branch and
everything you are nothing it has nothing I mean no
but it does
not puzzle me that much Emilio they
make this paper for his mother
so that the mother has
proof of what she charges for the
gala is his mother does not have to have
things either without going through what I
tell you was 200,000 euros Well there are and
more at that time she was screwed okay
And now Amador Amador does have to
declare the collections to the Treasury
so Amador formally
issues the invoice to Rocío and
Fidel's company so that the company pays them
now Here already  It's up to each of us to believe
this stamp is paid and not me what I do
n't understand is one thing
if you you
what are we going to say I'm giving the logic
if this is an email Yes then I understand
that the invoices are sent by email
and then they stamp it that's not what I understand
no I see an invoice here if not the
invoice send it to me by email which is
an email and
printed and they have put the paid
What do you want me to tell you that that could
be anything but a proof of payment it
's nothing in other words proof an invoice
the invoice they can have
it or they have lost it and they have taken this They have found it in the email it could be okay but they are invoices Well you see It's almost better that they are montages because if this is real this is terrifying what a scam I don't know but taking into
account how one and the others work but
the invoice have always been issued well and
2004 and 2005 before they were issued better than
now even because before as they were on
papers and
now here it would be missing in this lady 2 what is
missing is the good one the data is missing
the  ifs the numbers are missing
because the stamp shows very badly
but there it has the position it
is the only one it has it is the only one that is
half legal It is only missing it does not have
the data of the others
if they do not have the data of the others but
at least they have theirs We do not even have that is
worth it it is the one that is a little bit of an invoice
a little bit more because if it says the
payment method below that the other does not say how it is
paid If by transfer or check or
in cash it
is a little bit and it says the paid
with the date stamp Okay but now
another invoice arrives that is already filling me
with more unknowns
this one I think that this one of the 3000
and some euros from Chayo if it was collected it
cannot be
like that
since the money will arrive to Chayo no and
to photocatal
and that with that invoice the
payment is proven Well also let's see both Rocío and
what Amador has shown later that I don't
know if you have seen the one that they have shown a
letter that says this no
neither one shows that he has paid nor the
other that he has collected that he has not collected
A Gang of thrillers  everyone but the
problem is not that it's them it's that they
put Spanish television in the
middle which is a public entity I
really should sell it now if
Spanish television works so sell it
this third invoice
is for 48,000 euros 42 thousand plus VAT which is
from this one Yes it says promotions and
musical shows And that which one is that I
think would be Amador's no no no I don't
know This is strange Because look look
if If you go down let's see what
company is promotions and
musical shows here I have it for you Yes
okay this one broadcasts promotions of
musical shows to
Spanish television that this one we could associate with
the 50,000 euros more or less of commission
but the concept It's not that the
concept is and that Rocío Jurado also
performed in the special New Year's Eve program
Rocío Jurado
the same year that she does the Rocío gala she
always performs at the end of the year she
disappears Yes I have seen I have seen
videos performing at the end of the year at the end of the
year gala if the last ones were already there
guys it won't be the same as
in 2006 it was
had  that to go still August nor would they be
the last but she acted there is
a video where she is acting
let's check that out
maybe they have put the concept you
know what I want to tell you I do
n't know why the concept of a
New Year's Eve performance but it doesn't always refer to Rocío
but there is Spanish television they are going to
put it is going to falsify the concept of
an invoice no less falsify it is that they have
put it like that the
same works one thing is the
tribute and another thing is the special
New Year's Eve gala for me it turns out I get
a gala for me it turns out a gallant 2006 which
is impossible and a great 2005
in 2005 she did it in November It
wasn't somewhere I don't remember very well but it seems
that in years there was
only one performance I have seen a video where she
appeared acting in the 2005
New Year's Eve gala if it reaches us in 2005 then she
died around July 2006 that's what was
sought because then it gave a lot eh but
the search I say host
of an New Year's Eve gala Well there it is that the
same thing was even recorded at the same time  and it
was recorded You know that this gala is
recorded the same people took advantage and
recorded this gala this at the same
time and then it came out at Christmas
which surprises me a lot not that he made the
effort for the Gala and then also
worked for the end of the year let's see here it
is eh Spanish television New Year's Eve
2005 is that I have looked for it because it
seemed so strange to me and I did not understand this
invoice that I say host and he is
looking for it effectively And the other one was
before New Year's Eve Well in October or
September well the invoices are from
November meaning they are from a few months
before when the other one was recorded
you bring it out again Well
yes, this is
when I found this
freak But well
in December 2005 Look Rosa Benito
publishes it also this is how Rocío Jurado lived
in her last concert on
Spanish television December 2005 a woman full
of life Well yes So yes it is
another one because
this invoice if you notice is from
December 16 but the
New Year's Eve programs are recorded So they might have
even taken advantage of recording it
after the gala Maybe the  recorded
until the same day with the set it
seems like the same stage right I don't
know if it's the same as the other one but
the same they recorded this part and These
are other money and this is billed to another
okay this the invoice promotions of
musical shows sm
okay And this If you see If you go down I'll tell you
who it is and When was this company founded
Yes yes I have looked for it you will
see promotions and
musical shows it has an extension of the
corporate purpose
in exploitation of rural properties and
commercialization transformation of the
products derived from them
especially those destined for
winemaking do you remember that there
was a farm where they made wine Rocío
Jurado That the farm administrator Well maybe
this was a company of
Rocío Jurado to exploit that or was it a
dacoit I can't know this anymore there
yes maybe the same we should request the
report from these companies that are dedicated
to requesting the report and they say that it is the
administrator Yes but come on it would be I mean it is
not what we are looking for it is not the one
that Rocío when she presents this invoice
that is what she says let's see what they are
putting me in the chat is that I am not, they are not
having us people
when  you are it's that there are people who
don't understand saying that these are not
Spanish television bills. Let's see,
Spanish television does not have to
issue an invoice.
Spanish television is the one that pays
when you are self-employed or a company.
The one who pays does not issue the invoice. The one who is
going to collect is issued by the one who is going to collect, that is, I go to El Corte
Inglés to collect to buy something and El
Corte Inglés has to give me an
invoice. I don't have to give
El Corte Inglés an invoice.
This invoice is checked by the
administrator who is in charge of whatever it
is, he checks that it is effective,
that it is correctly issued, that it has all the
exact data and that it is for the work
carried out. And then they make a
payment order, they make a document of a
payment order and it turns off. They do not issue
invoices. Spanish television does not issue
invoices, it only issues invoices.
Something has to be charged,
exactly
the invoice, the one who is going to collect, of course, that is
why they are not from Spanish television. The
invoice because no, they are the ones who
pay, they make the invoice for these
people,
look, with the same font and everything
and there is invoice 3/2005
and it was another company. This is a
second one, okay, this one of the  48,000
euros this is worthless because it has
nothing to do with with has nothing
this invoice is worthless because yes you
realize because if you realize you
are from a company that was
opened in
1988 that we don't know if it belongs to Amador or
Rocío Jurado
Okay and here the question that I ask myself
is if it is Rocío Jurado's Why did they
pay the fees to the
account to the intermediate company and
then give it to Jurado because not the
invoice in this same one right you know I did
n't understand you let's see Rocío Jurado
seems to invoice with promotions of
musical shows sn that it is a
much older company than the other one
from 2004 which is from 1988
okay it has more share capital of
3,160,000 okay I don't know if it is this one I
doubt If it is from Amador Mohedano or
Rocío Jurado with the clue that I have it is
the wine use of the
estate the administrator who was
Rocío Jurado then well it can I don't
know but if  She billed this 48,000
euros here because one billed this
same company for 200,000 and there was no
intermediary company in
parallel. You know what I'm telling you? Why did she
charge for the other one?
It's a question I ask myself, okay, in the
same month, almost, and if you
notice, they're even invoices. Look, invoice
one, two, two thousand five, the other three, 2005,
the same font, the same. I
know this is
addressing nothing, but
this is a joke, man. Let's see,
Amador was a little tacky. I'm also
telling you, we are, but these can't be
Amador's if one is issued by Rocío Carrasco,
of course. Let's see, this one above, okay,
and the one below, which is from a different company,
billing a different story.
This is a company that issues this
invoice for Spanish television so that
Spanish television pays it,
okay, why? Here they issue this
Spanish television invoice
and also the same one. Well, this one does say
there that Spanish television does. It
says promotion of
musical shows and it says
Spanish television stopped, the king is there, yes, it says
Who is the recipient of the invoice? And
this invoice is  like the hoax like
all without a
prosecutor without the form of payment okay it
is the receiving center of
Spanish television okay the only
logic that could exist is that the
first one, the central control of music and
art,
was one, no
no Look at the one above, man, I
was going to tell you, I'm going to finish
telling you but come on, I think not the
central control of music and art, the transmitter
was the promotion of musical shows
And where is it and why does it cut it off and not
put it
Where is the name, there must be
some transmitter
or some receiver or transmitter or receivers, I do
n't know, Emilio But well, what is
clear to us is that this third one does not matter to us, I mean, it
has nothing to do with
us, yes, it is from another 48,000 euros that
have come out there that were invoiced that I do
n't know if they would also be to pay
[Music] They do
not mention it
anywhere this gala, well, These are
50,000 turkeys and they do not mention it from
any gala or anything Indeed it is
very strange, it is not
clearly spoken of
on the internet that they have published them
but I believe that they have published it
as if they were Amador's 50,000 euros
but it is that  that's not eh it's that that had
nothing to do with this with
the dispute let's say no it has nothing to
do with the dispute
okay the fourth invoice number one from
2006 Well yes it could be because it's 2006
okay yes it's there we started that it's from January
that it's the one from Rosa Benito But
also it's not for the gala it's for
two days Well Gala and one is for the
interview with Jesús Quintero and the other
when she does the press conference
okay also the invoice central control
says the invoice number at the top it doesn't say
anything And if it says
the issuer at the bottom it could be understood that Rosa
Benito who says it at the bottom and if she puts the
shift and puts the registered office This is
the typical invoice that a
self-employed person makes for you Yes yes to the company so that the
company pays them with the viewer well
Okay we can't lose it we can't
believe it The strange thing is more let's see if the
problem here is not that
Amador has been paid or that there has already been, we already know that they will have been
paid
but when one I don't know if you
agree with me but my conclusion is that
these invoices have been charged family my conclusion is that
these invoices let's see that they are wrong
made that they have that are
tacky, I am struck by the ones
that Spanish television pays for.
But also here there is another
question Javi, without the problem it is not
that Amador has charged and has charged,
well he may or may not be morally
susceptible but the thing is that little bear if he wanted
this to be clean and
clear what he should have done is to have taken
out all the accounting and
said, look, I have invoiced
500,000 bucks for this, I gave my mother
200,000, I paid Amador modern, I
paid such and such And I have paid so many expenses and I have
paid so much and I have spent 450,000
and I have had to put up money or not Or do I
have any left over Because if I have any left over, if
she has had money left over and she has also made
a profit, it is very, very nice
that now she accuses Rosario Mohedano and
the hairdresser Rosa Benito of having
charged, it is that maybe she
has also made a profit, it is necessary to take out
all the accounting, not the things done
halfway. Yes, well, of course, that is what
maybe that  It's maybe a good melon
that we would have to see if they have
collected but we don't know or so that's
100% if she also says
no
and here everyone says many things
Amador Medano also says it and there is
the invoice it's that either everything is taken out,
nothing is taken out Yes but you know what happens
here the problem is that she can
prove that the others have collected But
nobody can prove that she has
collected
of course Well yes indeed but when you
open the melon let's see here the issue is the
moral issue that she brings up the moral issue and that she
talks about that they have collected but
she doesn't prove that they are going to collect and
when one comes out making these
statements and could Well if she has yes she
has all these invoices she has to
have everything the complete gala she would have the whole
gala Because in addition she would have to
present papers to the Treasury and she would have to
present everything and she would present
all the papers he says Look, I haven't
collected a penny I have done this like this
here Amador has collected such and such he has
collected such and such I have spent so much I have even
lost money Well or I have earned Ten
thousand euros or  20,000 or 200,000, no one knows.
But of course, when you open this can of worms and
start counting these things, you have to
count them all because if not, you're
cheating.
In the end, what they
're throwing in the others' faces is that they're
charging and not donating the money to the
mother,
which would be a matter of morality and
knowing what I'm telling you. I think the
mother, yes,
I can't doubt that, she wouldn't
give her the 200,000 euros. That's what
Rocío is charging, almost sure. Yes, but
I mean what they're throwing
in Amador, Rosa Benito and
Rosario's faces is that they charged, that the gala was
held to raise money,
liquidity for Houston, and that they,
however, I know that they kept their money,
you know, that's
morally reprehensible, you understand. Yes, but look,
when you do this, you want all the
money, all the money for your mother, you don't
give her the full 200,000 euros, you give her
all the profit, right?  So yes I
could blame Chayo and the other one says
Hey, you took
six thousand euros from my mother, it's left for her
treatment, but she gives her 200,000 if she
has any money left over, she didn't
give it to her mother or she would give it to her this
way, but you know what I'm telling you,
what she sells in the documentary is that
she has a salary, there is a part, I don't know
if you remember the circle, not
the organizational chart, there is a part that is
supposed to, there is also a part that is
divided between the jurors Raúl, Fidel, and
Rocío Carrasco, and she doesn't keep that part for herself,
but of course we have to
trust her word, she
only takes out the evidence and the papers
of what she wants to confirm, what she doesn't
want to confirm, she leaves it and that is a
dogma of faith, you believe it and we arrange it, that
maybe it was you, that it is more
probable that maybe a daughter would
stay, it is that
thinking that she is coming for Rose's
garage and finally, But let's see, yes, it would be
more probable that a daughter, if she left
her money, would donate her  money or so there doesn't have to be any
papers
involved, do you understand? Well, there is
n't, even if there were some
papers, Emilio, because this. They have to
have all the papers for everything,
complete, of the musician, of I don't know what, I don't know
how much. If he has Rosa Benito's, he has
everyone's, is it worth
a paper that says This is
Rocío Carrasco's part? It would be easier if there would be a
tax return with the expenses,
then one puts it on the day, says:
Look, this is what one receives, one is collected if one
really wants to take it out and put it on
the table, says: Look, this is what was
earned in profit, here, this, I collect this, this, I
collect the other. This was what was taken
out and this, my mother collected it on this
side and the rest I sent it to her or whatever
through Amazon. It would
n't be worth it either because she can always tell you, yes,
yes, that she collects it, but
that her mother gives her that money. Okay,
but she has it. But she has it, you have the
stubs, they have the transfers, she only has it. She
can prove it. Whenever she wants, she
can take it out and prove what she took out,
they are those tickets, whoever you want, that
I had, no, that invoice, no, no,
but well, it looks like it is.  let's
see now
is the one that is more more correct, I
said that yesterday and now I have it clearer
man, I mean, I do believe that they charged, I mean,
defend this,
the truth. I mean, the same as I'm telling you one
thing. Now we're going to talk about, I'm not
saying that I won't charge it, that they will stop
charging. Yesterday they started talking
about the invoice, I sat down, seen that it has been
charged. Who doesn't, the defects that they have
and what they don't and what seems strange to me? I'm
not affirming that they charged it or that they
are false or that they are true. Here,
each one. Based on what we have explained, let
each one think what they have to
think. Yes, yes, yes, let's see, I,
personally, I think, let's see, I'm going to
say what I think, let's see how I
say it without accusing anyone. I think that
Amador did charge this money,
but I believe it, but I can't accuse him and I
can affirm it. I think that Amador did
receive this money, that later Rosario and
Rosa Benito are saying that it didn't reach her
is another issue exactly. Look, well, Rosa
Benito can't say it because Rosa
Benito puts her name, her CIF (Tax ID number). Well,  She doesn't
sign it either It's that she doesn't sign it, it doesn't matter,
but she does, but she puts a
bank account number for a
bank account number, bank transfer. So it would be
hers, well, she doesn't
sign it either, then Maybe
she is, I don't know, I
think
Camador doesn't deny that he collected it. So
what's the dispute
if here What happens is that no one tells the
whole truth, no one is completely lying, but
when one brings these things out, if he
wants to put it on the table, he takes out
the accounting, he takes everything out, he
says, Look, this is how it is, I gave my
mother so much money and Hey, what's her
balls, if it seems perfect to me, but
of course she plays with tricks, we do
n't know if they
also make a profit, in case they also made a
profit in the end We are all the same
Morales Yes, yes, but here the problem that
we have, the one I'm telling you, I mean, the
problem that we have is that she
can prove that they collected, or at
least Amador, they got
involved, they included the invoices,
well, the invoices were issued, of course,
obviously Yes, yes, it's true, it's true,
you're right that the invoices were issued, of
course, let's
see if they have been issued, logically, they have been
collected. But well, there
I think  Yes, I think that
Amador really collects it, I can't say.
I would like to tell you something else, but I
really can't lie. I think that
Amador collected it. I also think that he
collected it, but with those papers as he
put them with that paid stamp,
that doesn't prove that he collected it. We
think the same thing, but to prove it with
that so that people don't come out saying that he
took out the papers and that it proves
everything, to prove it irrefutably would be
Emilio, a bank transfer,
man, take the capture of the
bank transfer and put it there on the
table, a certificate, that transfer is
easier, you don't even have to say that the
bank on such a day, such a date, the
bank transfer was made by such and such a
person, period. I
think the debate is about whether
Fidelito collected it. Let's see, I don't see the
point,
done, I'm telling you. Apart from the issue
of the invoice, I don't see the point
on Fidel's part
to have so much enthusiasm and so much determination in
wanting to take part in the gala if he's not going to
collect,
but he did it from his heart, right? I do
n't know, but then Look,
what double standards, I mean, he's accusing
us of  They carry 6000 bucks or
7000 bucks and yet Fidel is
the being of light and has also taken his
benefit and he remains silent it seems that that is
the kit if in the end it is that I have put
a Twitter like this with this with this
reflection Well you can't imagine you can't
imagine the mess I have there
to flip out
that's that's what I think Emilio
but of course these are already This
irrefutable irrefutable proof that would be
worth it in court for example it
wouldn't be a bank transfer
okay but of course there then I understand
that between sons-in-law and between the son-in-law and the
daughter the fact of collecting or not going bankrupt or
not collecting in the end It's almost like it
almost always remains in the house no because
in the end if you don't collect it today you collect it
tomorrow I don't know if I'm explaining myself not the daughter
and the brother and the daughter-in-law or the sister-in-law I don't
know but well I don't care that you have already
put it like that he has taken it out we have taken out
the invoice we have asked ourselves
the corresponding questions and now
that each one well knows what they have to
do is think about what they have  that
each one thinks since they think what they
want because there are people who are
looking for the fifth partarga, I also do not know
if the stamp is missing that if this
stamp is a one, I do not there either, I mean,
I do not think they are going to falsify
moment, I mean, I know that we have a very bad,
very bad image already of these people and all that
but it would be getting into trouble, we
will have to take if they have the invoice,
scan it well, [ __ ] they are tacky
for everyone It's that how they take it out and
say Ah this is the truth of the world they
take out the paper they take out an image What
happens is that then they know that everyone
analyzes everything I just don't understand
how they are so tacky Yes,
but they are not going to start falsifying Let's
see, I want to think that they are not going to start
falsifying a document, you know I do
n't believe it, let's see, tire him out, not tacky the
documents are It's that I already told you
is that if those are the invoices that
Spanish television has passed to
Spanish television, who has to ask for
responsibility Exactly Exactly well
Emilio Thank you very much king for your
contribution as always You're welcome a kiss, let's
see, I'll see  I'm going to put an
audio also from Eva that I saw that she
sent us there she
sent us an audio that was more
played on the clock and I'm going to put it
because we're
going to hear her opinion too no it's
also important to me
personally family I think he got paid I
think he got paid beloved but I'm telling you I'm telling
you
Hello good look I was
listening to you about the invoices the
truth is that no they don't prove [ __ ] I mean it's
quite shameful what they
present but I say it couldn't be that
or wouldn't it be logical for a company to
bill Spanish television for
500,000 euros and then the rest of the
companies would bill this first
company for the different jobs that would
match because the first invoice that
a company issues for I think it was
200,000 euros no maybe that company is not
Rocío and Fidel's but
Rocío Jurado's no then Rocío Jurado
bills the large company which
in turn billed the 500,000 euros
these 200,000 no this can be it
means the  these business networks that
people with a lot of
money do to pay less taxes
and another thing this issue of invoices and
money and all the nonsense does not come from
what you are saying it comes from
Amador Mohedano For years he has been
saying on TV before Rocio
Carrasco spoke now in this docudrama
that the daughter and Fidel deceived the mother, they
removed the uncle who was the manager and the one who had
done it until that moment, they
abused her and having the sick
they made her do a gala against
what Amador had
recommended, that is to say, they removed him from
his position and that is what he complained he
said that of course the mother, the daughter and the
son-in-law Uh Look how bad what they have
done to poor Rocio Jurado They
had her working there and they removed me
and they ignored me and what she comes
to demonstrate here is one that is not true
because the mother was well and two that
Amador Mohedano did remove him because
he did not work but yes that It is that
I Amador Mohedano's complaint  I'm
hallucinating, I mean, but come on, megachón, but
what are you going to complain about when
the other two are in charge of the gala? And
why do you leave if you're taking
20%, continue dinner, [ __ ], I mean, it's the
host You know, with
Amador Mohedano's complaints, I'm hallucinating, with
which I'm not crazy about, no, Eva.
Thank you very much for your opinion. I think, I
think the logic here would be what
Eva said, but that company is
Fidel and Rosillito's, okay, because because
let's see if they are the ones in
charge and They are the ones in
charge of producing the gala, okay. I don't
know if producing is exactly the
term, no, they are in charge of the
gala. So the logical thing is that they
created that company for that, that's why
that company has invoice number
two in November. Okay, so
that company, that company of Rocío and
Fidel collected all 500,000 and now
the workers issue the invoice to
that company so that the company
pays each one, Rosa Benito issues it.  the
invoice to that company and that company
pays Rosa Benito Amador issues an invoice
for Chayo's business
the company pays Amador for
Chayo's business something else that Chayo would have that
money you know that is the logic
it fits
if we are looking for the truth family if we
are looking for the truth here that is what
fits
I know that many of
you would like to say Oh but well I do
n't know And how bad is Fidel And how bad
Rocío Maybe they have created money
but the problem here is that
they they
can prove that these people they
cannot prove that they got paid but they
can prove that Amador and Rosa
Benito issued the invoice you
understand now that they got paid Well let's see
if you want to think that they didn't get
paid after issuing the invoice
then tell me okay what is
true is that no one can prove that
Fidel kept any money or that Rocío
kept any money what do you want to
think you can think whatever you want you
can think that the Three Wise Men
come with a camel to your house and that they
get inside and that they drink the glass of
milk  that you read, you understand me I mean, you
can think whatever you want Now
here what makes sense to me,
the one who didn't get paid was Rocío Jurado No, no,
let's see, what makes sense to me
is that Amador became a swimmer, what makes
sense to me is that Amador made an Amador
is what makes sense to me the most,
honestly, let's see with two fingers
what makes sense, that's
opinion Javi They haven't proven
anything, let's see, these invoices are real, man, get
smart, man Where is the invoice that
yes, Laura, then you can search for
the hairs on your feet, the goose
that you want and you can search because
the stamp is black instead of
gray and instead of Rosa you can search for whatever
you want, okay? And you think that Fidel
worked for free Javi No, I think they would
also get some benefit, if it's not
economic, what goes to my mother goes to
me tomorrow, I don't know if you understand me,
the bank transfer, period,
but the thing is, I don't need the
bank transfer having the
invoices Let's see, you have the
bank transfer, it would be what  will
prove that they have collected,
okay, they have
collected, if now Rosa Benito
releases a document like that where it says Fidel
Albiach, we also accept it as valid,
man Anika, what is
there is what you are manipulating, what
you are speculating is that
these stamps and these invoices have been
made now, today, with Photoshop,
let's say that is what Rosa Benito said that no, no, no, no, no, no,
family, no, I know
that you would like it to be a lie
and all the nonsense that this is not what
Antonio David said, techno, it is the Antonio
David case that This is another case, okay,
here Amado collected,
here Amado collected, okay, here
Amado collects, that later Fidel collected it from another
side, well, there we cannot know,
but that Amador collected, that
Amador collected, that Rosa Benito collected and that they
collected in Chayo's name. Chayo denies
that she will receive the money,
you can give it back however you
want, okay, I think they collected everything, it does not
matter to me that I did not collect. I went  I have
already said the saying in class
to Concepción in case she is angry about it. Let's
see, we had Emilio here
analyzing the invoice, seeing the things
that are also wrong and we have come to the
conclusion. We have come to the conclusion that
these invoices do not prove anything, so that
's it. Nica. Well, these invoices do not
prove anything.